phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_top_start = 0x7f130003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f12008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f12008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Variant = 0x7f120088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Transition = 0x7f120087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Transform = 0x7f120086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f120081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f120080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f12007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f12007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f12007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/State = 0x7f120078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Slider = 0x7f120074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f120073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f120071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f12006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f12006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f12006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f12006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f120069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f120067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f120066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f120064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f120063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f120062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f120060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Motion = 0x7f12005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MockView = 0x7f12005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f12005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f120059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f120056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f120053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f120052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f12004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f12004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f12004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f120049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f120045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Layout = 0x7f120044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f120042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f120040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f12003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f12003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Insets = 0x7f12003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f12003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f120039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f120035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f120033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f12002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f12002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f120028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f120027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f120026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f120025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f120024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f120023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f120021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f120020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f12001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f12001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f12001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Chip = 0x7f12001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Capability = 0x7f120019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f120018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f120014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Badge = 0x7f120013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f12000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f12000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f12000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f12000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f120009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f120007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f120004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f120003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f120002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f120001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f11041d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f11041b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11041a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f110419
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f110418
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110415
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110414
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f11040d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f11040c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f11040b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110409
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f110407
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110406
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110403
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110402
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f110401
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1103ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1103fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1103fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1103fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1103f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1103f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f1103ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1103ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1103eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1103ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1103e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1103e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f1103e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f1103e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f1103e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f1103df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1103dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f1103dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f1103db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f1103da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1103d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1103cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1103ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1103cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1103c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1103c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f1103c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f1103c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1103c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f1103c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1103c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1103be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1103bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1103bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1103ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1103b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1103b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1103b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f1103b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1103b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f1103ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1103ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1103ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1103a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f1103a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f1103a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1103d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1103a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f11039f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f11039e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110399
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110398
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110395
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110393
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f11038f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f11038e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f11038d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f11038a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f110386
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f110385
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f110383
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f110381
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110380
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f11037d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f11037c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f11037a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f110379
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f110378
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f110376
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f110370
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f11036f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f11036a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f110368
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110362
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110361
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f110360
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1103c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11035f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f11035e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f11035d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f11035b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f11035a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f110359
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f110358
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f110357
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f110354
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f110353
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f110350
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f120036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f11034c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f11034a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f110349
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110348
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f110347
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f11039c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f110344
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f110343
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f11033f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f11033e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f11033d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f110339
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f110337
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f110335
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f110332
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f110331
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f110330
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f11032d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f11032e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f11032c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f11032a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f110328
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f110327
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f110326
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f110324
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f110322
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110321
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f11031f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f11031e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f11031c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f11031b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f11031a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110317
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f110315
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f110313
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110311
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f11030e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f11030a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f110309
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f110308
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f110306
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110305
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f110303
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f110301
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f110300
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1102ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1102fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1102fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1102fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1102f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1102f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1102f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f110363
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1102f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f1102f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1102ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1102ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1102eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1102e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f1102e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1102e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1102e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1102e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f1102e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f120043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f11033c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1102df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f1102de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1102dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1102dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1102db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1102da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1102d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1102d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1102d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1102d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1102d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1102d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1102d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1102d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1102cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1102c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1102c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1102c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f110307
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1102c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1102c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1102c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f11037f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f1102be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1102bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1102bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110391
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1102b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1102b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1102b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1102b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1102b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1102ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1102ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1102ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1102a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1102a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1102a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11029d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f11029c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f11029b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1102ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f11029a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110296
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110295
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f110293
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110292
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f110291
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f11028e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f11028d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f11028c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110289
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f110287
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f1103f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f110284
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f120082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f11037b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f110283
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f110280
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f11027f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f11027d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f11027b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11027a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f110275
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f110272
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110270
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f11026f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f11026e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f11026d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f11026b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11026a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f110268
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110267
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110264
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f110263
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f11025f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f11025e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f11025c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f11040e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11025b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110258
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f110257
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110254
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110253
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f110252
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110251
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f110397
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f11024e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f12002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f11024d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11024c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11024a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110249
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110247
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110244
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f110243
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110240
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11023c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f11023b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11023a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110237
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110235
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f110233
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110232
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f110231
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f11022f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11022e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11022d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f11022c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11022b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11022a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110229
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f110226
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110221
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110220
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11021f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f11021e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f11021b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110219
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f110217
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110216
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110210
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f11020f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f11020d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11020b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11020a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110208
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110207
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f110206
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110205
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1102a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110204
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110202
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f110201
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1101fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f1101fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f1103f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f110277
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AnimationSample = 0x7f1101f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f1101f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f1101f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f1101f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f110329
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Test.UsesSP = 0x7f1101f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Test.UsesDp = 0x7f1101f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1101f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f1101f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f1101ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f1101ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f1101ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f1101e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f1101e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f1101e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f1101e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110294
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f1101e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f1101e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f1101df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f1101de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f1101dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f1101db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f1101da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1101d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1101d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1101d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1101d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1101d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f1101d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f1101d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1101cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f1101ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f1101cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f1101cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1101c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f120037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1101c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1101c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1101c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f1101c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f1101bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f1101be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f1101bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110241
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f1101ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f1101b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f1101b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f1101b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f1101b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f1101b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f1101b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f1101b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f1101ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1101ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f1101ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f1101aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f1101a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f1101a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1101a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1101a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1101a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f11019f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f11019e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f11019d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f11019b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f11019a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f110198
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f110197
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f110195
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110194
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110193
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f110191
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110190
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f11018d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f11018b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f11018a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f110189
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f110187
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110185
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110183
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110182
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110180
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TestThemeWithLineHeight = 0x7f11017e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TestStyleWithoutLineHeight = 0x7f11017d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TestStyleWithLineHeightAppearance = 0x7f11017b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TestStyleWithLineHeight = 0x7f11017a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110178
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110177
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopRightDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110174
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopLeftCut = 0x7f110173
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f110171
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f110170
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f11016f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f11016e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f11016d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f11016c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f11016b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f11016a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110245
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.TextField.Filled = 0x7f110169
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f11040f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110167
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f110166
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1103aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f110165
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomLeftDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110161
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f11015c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f11015b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11015a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Test = 0x7f11015e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f110159
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f11034f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f110158
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f110157
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f110156
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f110153
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f110152
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f110151
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1102a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f11014e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f11014c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f11014b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f110148
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall.Top = 0x7f110146
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f110145
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f110142
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f110345
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f110141
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f11013f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f11013d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f11013c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f110139
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f110138
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f110136
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f110135
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f110133
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f110132
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110130
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f11012f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11012e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f11012d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11012c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f11012b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110129
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110128
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f110238
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110126
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f110124
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f110120
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f11011d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f110246
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f11011b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11011a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f110118
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f110117
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f110116
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f110115
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f110111
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f11010f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1102b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f11010b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f110108
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f11034b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110107
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f1101ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f110104
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f110103
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f110102
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f1100fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110200
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1100fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1100fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f1100fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1102aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f1100f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110239
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1100f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f1100f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f1100ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1100ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1100eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1103d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f110340
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1100e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1100e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1100e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1100e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f11023f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1100e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1100e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1100dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1100dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1100d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1100d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1100d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1100d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f120072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f110400
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1100cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1100cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1100ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1100c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1100c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1100c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f110411
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1100c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1100c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1100c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1100bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1100be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1100bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1100bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1100b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1100b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1100b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1100b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f1101dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1100a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11009f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11009e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11009d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11009c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11009a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110099
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110097
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110096
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110095
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110094
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110093
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110278
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110092
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110090
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11008f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11008d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1102e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f110080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f11007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f11007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f110077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f110075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1103f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f110071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f110070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f11010e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1102f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f110058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f120084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110316
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f11004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1101d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f110046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f110045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f110044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f110043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f110042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f11039d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f110041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f110410
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f11003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f110140
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f11003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f11003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f110038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f11002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f11002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f11002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f11002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f110027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110203
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f110025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f110020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f11001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f11001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f11001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f11001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f110011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f11000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f11000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f11000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1102bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110212
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1100d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f10007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1103d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f110081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f100078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f100077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f100076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f100075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f100074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f100073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f100072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f100070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1103ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1100cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_appbar_background = 0x7f070087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f10006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f10006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f100065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f060043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f07005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f100062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f100061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f05017e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f100060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f100017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f100059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/useLogo = 0x7f0801ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_navigation_bar_item_layout = 0x7f0b006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f100055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f110297
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f05001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f100049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f06005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f06021b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f100046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f100042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f10003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f08003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f10003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f0302fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0301a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f09000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f10003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f11005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f10003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0b0006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f100038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f100035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/queryHint = 0x7f0302ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f100032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f03018f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f100030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0500f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f10002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f10002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/label = 0x7f10002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f11011f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f0302ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f10002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f100026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f100019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f03025f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_style = 0x7f0b0074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f100014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f1101bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f030160
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f100012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f0300f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f100011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f030125
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f050112
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f070036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f100009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f100008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110234
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f100003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0300a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f100002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f100001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f080034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f100000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:raw/meo_keu = 0x7f0f0002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f0e0000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/text_view_with_theme_line_height = 0x7f0b0075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f030080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f0303ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_layout = 0x7f0b0073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f070075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_toolbar = 0x7f0b006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f11025a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0b0065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f0500f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0b0064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0b0061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1100e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f100031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0b005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110218
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0b0059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f03025b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0b0058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0b0057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0b004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0b004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f030124
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0b0048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0b0047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f12003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0b0045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0b0042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0b003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0b003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0b003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0b003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f11021c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f050040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f060235
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0b0038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0b0036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0b0035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f030294
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0b0034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f050238
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f03008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0b0033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0b0032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0b002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f030235
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0b002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0b0025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0b0024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0b0022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0b0021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0b001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0b001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0b001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/easeIn = 0x7f080096
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0b001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0b0017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0500ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f0601a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f06022e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0b000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1101e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/square = 0x7f080167
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0b0008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0b0004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0b0003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110310
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a0006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f06012d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f03014c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0a0003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f110367
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f100027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f090033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f0500dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f0601fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f03026c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0500b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_elevation = 0x7f06023c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f09002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f09002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f090029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f090026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1100ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f090023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f090021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f09001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/constraints = 0x7f0300ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_900 = 0x7f09001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110184
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_800 = 0x7f09001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_550 = 0x7f090019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_400 = 0x7f090015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_300 = 0x7f090013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f110134
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_150 = 0x7f090010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f11020e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f03012b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_1000 = 0x7f09000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_100 = 0x7f09000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f090009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f090008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fill = 0x7f0800a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f090006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f110286
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f090005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f030236
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f090004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f090002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0b005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0801b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f05020f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/withText = 0x7f0801b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0500ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/line1 = 0x7f0800d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0801b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11020c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f080153
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/visible = 0x7f0801b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1102e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f090030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0801af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0801ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f0303f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f070015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0801aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0501d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/triangle = 0x7f0801a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f12002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0801a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f050111
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0801a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f11027e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0801a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f030050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050209
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/title_template = 0x7f08019b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/time = 0x7f080198
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f03005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f080197
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f0601bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f080194
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f080190
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textTop = 0x7f08018e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f08018b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textEnd = 0x7f08018a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/text = 0x7f080188
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f11028b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0800a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/test_radiobutton_app_button_tint = 0x7f080187
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f080181
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/META = 0x7f080005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f08017e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11019c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f08017d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f0302fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f080177
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/staticLayout = 0x7f080170
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/startVertical = 0x7f08016f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/startToEnd = 0x7f08016e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f08016d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/start = 0x7f08016c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/src_over = 0x7f08016a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f050004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/src_in = 0x7f080169
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f120068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f120006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f060116
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0b0040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/spread_inside = 0x7f080166
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/spread = 0x7f080165
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110388
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f08001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f100052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f080081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f080164
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/snapMargins = 0x7f080160
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f030208
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f08015e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f0303e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/showTitle = 0x7f080159
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1103cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/showHome = 0x7f080158
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f030306
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_src_text = 0x7f080151
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f050194
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f080134
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f08014f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f08014e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110299
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f03025a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f060199
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f08014d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1100f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f0301af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/scrollable = 0x7f080148
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f100034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f080146
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f080145
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f110010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f030110
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f05024e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/sawtooth = 0x7f080141
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f060042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f080140
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f050103
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/row_index_key = 0x7f08013e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/right_side = 0x7f08013c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f08013a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/right = 0x7f080139
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f080138
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f03011c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/rectangles = 0x7f080137
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/radio = 0x7f080135
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/chip_text = 0x7f100023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/position = 0x7f080131
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/pin = 0x7f080130
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/percent = 0x7f08012f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/peekHeight = 0x7f08012e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1101fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/mock_label = 0x7f030298
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/path = 0x7f08012c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f1102e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f030216
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f08012a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f0601e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/parentPanel = 0x7f080128
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f030372
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/parallax = 0x7f080126
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/off = 0x7f080121
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/prefixText = 0x7f0302e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f080120
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f110032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f08011f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/notification_background = 0x7f08011e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/normal = 0x7f08011d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f100006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/noScroll = 0x7f08011b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f060061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f080119
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f11031d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0501ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f03017d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f05020a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f030210
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f080116
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f080114
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f030061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f08010e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f03029c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f08010d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f08010a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:menu/example_menu = 0x7f0c0000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f080109
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f0800ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f080106
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f080102
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f0800ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_toolbar_surface = 0x7f0b0071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f08006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0b002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f090025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f11006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_badge = 0x7f080149
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f10001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0800fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f06018c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f060021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f0800fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f0800fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f060068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f10006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f030248
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/month_title = 0x7f0800f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f0303cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f0800f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f120008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/month_grid = 0x7f0800f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mini = 0x7f0800f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/middle = 0x7f0800f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0b0020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f060127
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/message = 0x7f0800f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/matrix = 0x7f0800f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f0800ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0800e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f0800e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f080171
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0800e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f0800df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f030209
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f0800dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/masked = 0x7f0800dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f06020a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/line3 = 0x7f0800d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/disjoint = 0x7f08008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0800d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0800d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/item4 = 0x7f0800cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f030267
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/item3 = 0x7f0800ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/item2 = 0x7f0800cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f10003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/italic = 0x7f0800cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f0302e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/inward = 0x7f0800ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/invisible = 0x7f0800c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0800c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ignore = 0x7f0800c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/icon_group = 0x7f0800c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/icon = 0x7f0800c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f08010b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1103d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/header_title = 0x7f0800bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0800b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0300aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f08017b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f050203
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0800b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a0008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1100b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/forever = 0x7f0800b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0b004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/flip = 0x7f0800af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fitStart = 0x7f0800ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f030204
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0b0014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f060122
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0800a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/filled = 0x7f0800a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0800a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f0600e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0800a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f070047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/enterAlways = 0x7f08009f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f0501ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/end = 0x7f08009d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconSize = 0x7f0301ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/edittext_dropdown_editable = 0x7f08009a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/easeOut = 0x7f080098
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dropdown_noneditable = 0x7f080095
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dragUp = 0x7f080092
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dragRight = 0x7f080090
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f07001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f10004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/easeInOut = 0x7f080097
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dragDown = 0x7f08008d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/disableScroll = 0x7f08008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dropdown_editable = 0x7f080093
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f08008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f06002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/disableHome = 0x7f080089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f03014e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/themeLineHeight = 0x7f0303a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0b0054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f0301c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dialog_button = 0x7f080086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f030021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f080085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0600e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f080084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f1102e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f080083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f080082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f100018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f080080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f08007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/cut = 0x7f08007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f080077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/cos = 0x7f080076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0b0066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f11038c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/contentPanel = 0x7f080073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/compress = 0x7f08006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/clockwise = 0x7f08006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chronometer = 0x7f080068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f110261
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/TOP_END = 0x7f08000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chip1 = 0x7f080064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1101c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/checked = 0x7f080062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/checkbox = 0x7f080061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chain = 0x7f08005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f0301bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f08005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f080058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f03039a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f0303a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/bounce = 0x7f080057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f030129
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/bottom = 0x7f080056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/baseline = 0x7f080052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f05003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_value_index = 0x7f0800ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f080050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/asConfigured = 0x7f08004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f0501ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/arc = 0x7f08004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/animateToStart = 0x7f080049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/icon = 0x7f0301c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f080048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f11030c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f030043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0b0049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/always = 0x7f080047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/aligned = 0x7f080045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f030340
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/actions = 0x7f080041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_text = 0x7f080040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f0800ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_image = 0x7f08003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f110304
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0800b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_divider = 0x7f080039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fixed = 0x7f0800ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f080038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1101c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_container = 0x7f080037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f080036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f080032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f08002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f12002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/image = 0x7f0800c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f090000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f110160
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f08002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f08002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f08002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f080028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f080026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f080023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f080020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_350 = 0x7f090014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f08001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06013a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f08001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0601d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f08001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f08001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f080013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f08013f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f080012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f050132
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f080011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0500bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f100041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f110364
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f0303ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f0601f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f080009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f080179
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/SHIFT = 0x7f080007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f0302e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f080006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dragStart = 0x7f080091
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/CTRL = 0x7f080003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f0302bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_plate = 0x7f080150
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f110413
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f10006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f080002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/container = 0x7f080071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0700b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f12003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/AndroidThemeColorAccentYellow = 0x7f110002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f060184
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_50 = 0x7f090017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0700b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f0700b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0700ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f120011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0700ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0b005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0500b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f070085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0700ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0700ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0700aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0501b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0700a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0700a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0700a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f07009f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f07009c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f1103ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1100ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0b004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f07009b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f070098
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f11033a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f070095
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f070094
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f05009e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f070093
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0b0005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f070090
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f0601bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0a0001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f11035c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f07008f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f120000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f07008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/customPanel = 0x7f080079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f0303cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f07008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f030314
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chip2 = 0x7f080065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0b0026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f110260
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f070086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0b0053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_exposed_dropdown_menu = 0x7f0b006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f070084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f070083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f070082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f11005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f0601ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f070080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f030028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f07007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f030135
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f03002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f07007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/drawable_anim = 0x7f07007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/dog = 0x7f07007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f070079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f030147
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f070078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f070076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f080004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_9 = 0x7f070074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_7 = 0x7f070072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1103b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_6 = 0x7f070071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_5 = 0x7f070070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f1101bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f05014b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0801a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0601db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_3 = 0x7f07006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_21 = 0x7f07006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f110215
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f0800f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_20 = 0x7f07006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f110109
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/decelerate = 0x7f08007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_19 = 0x7f07006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_18 = 0x7f070069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f07004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f0500d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f030225
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_16 = 0x7f070067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f12000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f060044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_13 = 0x7f070064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_12 = 0x7f070063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_10 = 0x7f070061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f060131
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0801ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f1101c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f0600e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_1 = 0x7f070060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f10002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f12002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f11018e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f07005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f11028f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f0501e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f06001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f07005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f110005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f070058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f070056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f12005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0b0055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f050085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f070054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f060133
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f050051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f07004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f060176
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f080195
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f07004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f070048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlayColorAccentRed = 0x7f1102c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f070046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f0600a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0b003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f09002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11021d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_error = 0x7f05004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f070042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/translate = 0x7f010021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f11006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/theme = 0x7f0303a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawPath = 0x7f030139
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f0301f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0801b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f07003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:raw/be_vui_don_tet = 0x7f0f0001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/info = 0x7f0800c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f060003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f080192
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f070035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f070033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f070032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_2 = 0x7f07006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f070005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f090001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f070031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0b0028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f070030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110228
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/top = 0x7f08019d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f07002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f07002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1100c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f08002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f050091
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f070029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f070028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f080042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0501bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1103bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f110333
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f07001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f080104
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f070019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11021a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chip = 0x7f080063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f070014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f110352
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f070012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f070011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0501a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0800a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f070008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f030188
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f03036d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f070006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f070004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f1103fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f030347
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f070055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f110248
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f030015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f070003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f070002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f070001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1100e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/autoComplete = 0x7f08004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f060011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f070000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f060246
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060245
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f060244
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f110369
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_text_size = 0x7f060243
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f050089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_shadow_height = 0x7f060242
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1103e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/spline = 0x7f080163
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_label_padding = 0x7f060241
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/purple_200 = 0x7f050242
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_item_min_width = 0x7f060240
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_height = 0x7f06023d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_text_size = 0x7f06023b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f050190
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_item_max_width = 0x7f060239
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f110122
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f05012c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0500eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_mtrl_calendar_day_cornerSize = 0x7f060238
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110106
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f060232
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1102f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f060031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f060231
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f100067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f080022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f0601a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f060230
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f06022d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f100024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f110312
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0b0027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f120061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f06022c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f06022a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f060228
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f060227
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f030228
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f060225
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f050097
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f0303a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f060221
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0b001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f11014f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f06021c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f06021a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f060219
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f060217
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f060213
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/snap = 0x7f08015f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/img_animation = 0x7f0800c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060212
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060211
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f06020e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f030038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f06020d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f06020b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f110356
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/postLayout = 0x7f080132
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f060208
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0300c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f060205
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f03016a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/standard = 0x7f08016b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f060203
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f060200
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f110273
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accelerate = 0x7f08000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f10001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f0601fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/spacer = 0x7f080161
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f100043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0b000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f0601f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f0601f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1103e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f050080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/text2 = 0x7f080189
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f03013b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f0601f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f0601f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f0601f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f060110
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0601f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f0601f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0601f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1100f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1100d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f0601ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f06020c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f1103c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f0601ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f060102
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/groups = 0x7f0800ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f0601eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f07003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f0601ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f060201
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0601e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f0601ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f0601e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0601e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f0302a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0601e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f0302d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0601e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f100079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/parentRelative = 0x7f080129
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/edit_query = 0x7f080099
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1103d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_large_touch_target = 0x7f0601df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0601de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f050114
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/barrier = 0x7f080051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f030253
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0601dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f03026b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f10005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0601dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f110416
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0b000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f05001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0601da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.DifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110164
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f08017f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f110342
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0800ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0601d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/EmptyTheme = 0x7f110110
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f100051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f0601d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f0601d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0601d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1102cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f0601cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0601c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f10005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0601c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1102cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f06006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/white = 0x7f050259
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f0601c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f0501a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f0601c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f1101d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f0601c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f0601c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f110276
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f07001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f110377
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f0601c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f0601c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f110338
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f0601bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f03027f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f0601ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f0601b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f030397
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0601b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f0601b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f0601b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f0601b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f080027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f0601b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060159
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f08015b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1102a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f0303f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f050226
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/shortcut = 0x7f080156
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f0601b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f070099
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f0601ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f0601ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1102ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f0601ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0601a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0501f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f0601a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f0601a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f0601a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f06019d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f030383
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f05011a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/custom = 0x7f080078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f06019a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0800d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f110168
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1100a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f030387
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0500ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f060197
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f080103
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f030229
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f0303e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f060196
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f060195
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f060194
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dragEnd = 0x7f08008e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f060193
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f070023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f120051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f1101b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f060192
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110127
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f06018b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f06018a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f060189
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f070097
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f110012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f060188
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f060207
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f060186
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0800c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f030102
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f060223
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f1103a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f110179
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0600b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f060185
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f030173
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f060183
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Test.ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110175
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f060182
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11009b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f03023f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f06017d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f10002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f07009d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f110155
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f06017c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f110213
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f080180
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f050135
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f060175
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f060173
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f080010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f060226
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f060171
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f06016f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f0300e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f06006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f0800e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f030367
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06016c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f030199
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f0303dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f0301ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0301bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f060169
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f110222
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f060168
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f110373
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f0301ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f09002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f060164
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f100015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f060162
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1102fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0300a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f060161
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f0302c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0601d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f110384
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height_override = 0x7f06015f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060198
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_text_size_sp = 0x7f06015d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f05001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_8 = 0x7f070073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f06015a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110192
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f030161
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/guideline = 0x7f0800bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f060158
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f060153
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060151
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f06014f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f06014e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0501a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_cursor_inset_top = 0x7f06014b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_cursor_inset_bottom = 0x7f06014a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f0800de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f070077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f110285
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11024f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f060149
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f050184
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_14 = 0x7f070065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f060148
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_margin_left = 0x7f060147
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TestStyleWithThemeLineHeightAttribute = 0x7f11017c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f060145
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_number_text_padding = 0x7f060144
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f060143
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f060142
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f060141
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f060140
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f06013e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f090022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f070010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f06013d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f030103
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f0303ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f1103c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0700a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f06013c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f1103d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f060190
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f060170
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060139
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0501e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f090020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f060137
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f030261
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f060136
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f0300f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f05007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f060134
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f060130
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f060224
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f06012e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f0302dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f050220
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f06012b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f06012a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f060129
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f0300f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f060128
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0b0011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f050017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f060126
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/up = 0x7f0801ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f060125
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0b0060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f05016f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f060121
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f06008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f090027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f06011d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f100010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f06011a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f060119
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f060115
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f060114
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f060113
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f060111
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f06010b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0500a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f060106
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f050186
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f060105
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_11 = 0x7f070062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1103b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f060103
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f030206
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0b002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f080017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f060248
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f030131
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f060101
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0600ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout = 0x7f030202
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f03003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f0600fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f0600f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f0600f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f060088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050237
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0600f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f0301c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0800aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0600f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f030358
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/slide = 0x7f08015c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f0600ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0600ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1103bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f0303a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_600 = 0x7f09001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/scale = 0x7f080142
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f03035a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f0600ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f1101eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_button = 0x7f08014b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0600e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f06002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0600e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f07001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f0600e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f0600de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f1100fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f0600db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f110089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f0600d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/text_view_without_line_height = 0x7f0b0076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f110298
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f0600d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f0800e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f0600d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f0302c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f0600d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f080019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f03020d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f0600d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0600d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f100040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f0600cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f0600e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f0600ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f060174
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f0600c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f0302b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f0800fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1102f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f060218
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f03031e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/overlay = 0x7f0302c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f0601b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0300af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/layout = 0x7f0800d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f060026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0600c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0600c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f0601a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f050053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0600bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f0601d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0600b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f1103f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/showCustom = 0x7f080157
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f05020b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0600b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f12001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1103e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/pathRelative = 0x7f08012d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f030052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0600b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/outward = 0x7f080124
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f060163
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f100044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0600b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f120032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f06022f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0600ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f030388
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f0600a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f030064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0b0062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f0301ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f0600a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f060179
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f100028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f0600a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f11034d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f06009d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f080015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f070017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tabMode = 0x7f080176
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f06009c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06009b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f11013e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f0301f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f06009a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0600a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060097
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f0302a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060096
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f060094
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f060092
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060090
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0300ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f06008e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f0301d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f06008d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0500c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f060234
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f06008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f050100
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0b0039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f120041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f060089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f0301e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f030274
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f060085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f110319
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f060220
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomRightCut = 0x7f110162
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f060083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f03038c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f05015d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f060080
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f06007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/TOP_START = 0x7f08000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f030111
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f05020d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f06007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f06007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f0800f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0600df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f06007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/content = 0x7f080072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f060078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f0302a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f08007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0800a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CardView = 0x7f12001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f060073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f1101cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f060072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1100b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f060071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f06009e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f06006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f03006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f06006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f06017b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f0601af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f060067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0600e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f060065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f060229
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f1103b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f050215
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f060063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f11010a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f030221
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0600c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_timepicker_edit_text = 0x7f0800eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f060062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f030258
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f060060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/default_dimension = 0x7f06005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/onHide = 0x7f0302bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textinput_error = 0x7f080193
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f06005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f110355
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f06005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f11029e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/center_vertical = 0x7f08005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f08003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f11011e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f0300d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f060055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f060052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/action_bar_size = 0x7f060051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f060050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f06016e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f06004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f080152
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f06004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f06004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f060180
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f030262
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f06004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f06004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f030174
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f070039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f060047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0d0001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f030138
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f080018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f060045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f0303c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f060041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f0300d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f03020e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f06003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f06003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f030090
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f06003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f030237
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f06003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f08006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0501f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f06003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f05011b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f06003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f060039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f060034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f110323
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f060030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f030219
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f06002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f06002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1100f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f100036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110265
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f060025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f060024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f060022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f060020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f03005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f06001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f06001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f06001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f030350
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f03000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f06001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f0302e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0601d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f06001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f060019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f1101b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f060010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f060018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f0301f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f060204
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_appearance = 0x7f0b0072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f080182
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f06017a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f06000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f06000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0800a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f06000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/centerInside = 0x7f08005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f0601fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f060007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f06002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f0601b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f0300db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f060006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f060004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_corner_radius = 0x7f0601c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0600eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f110100
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f030029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/centerCrop = 0x7f08005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f060002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f050258
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f050257
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f050255
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f110318
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f05008d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f03013a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/teal_700 = 0x7f050253
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/teal_200 = 0x7f050252
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f110341
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f06010c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f050251
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f050250
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f070091
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f11029f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f05024d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f060178
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/blocking = 0x7f080055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f05024b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f050249
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f050248
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f050246
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/radiobutton_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f050245
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0b000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050241
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050240
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f12000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f05023c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f08000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_4 = 0x7f07006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f030200
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f05023a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f10005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f050122
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f10004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f050239
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f100029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f050235
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050232
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060091
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f030386
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f050230
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f05010d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f05022f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f030054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_toolbar_custom_background = 0x7f0b006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f110269
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f05022c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f030016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f030105
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_17 = 0x7f070068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f07001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/edittext_dropdown_noneditable = 0x7f08009b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f030051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f05022a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f110057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f050229
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f110325
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f050228
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050227
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f110334
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showDelay = 0x7f030312
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0800b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/submit_area = 0x7f080175
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f050223
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f050222
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0300c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f050221
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/center = 0x7f08005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f0300da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f05021f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f030194
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f05021b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110250
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f05018e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0600d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f06009f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f06010e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050219
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f050213
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f1101a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f050212
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f110262
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f050211
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f05020e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f06005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050206
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f11013b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f100069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0303e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f0600f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f060008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050205
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f050204
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f060056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f0303b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f050202
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f1101a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f050201
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0501fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0501fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0501fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f11015d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thickness = 0x7f0303a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f0501f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f12008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/rotation = 0x7f020020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f030349
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f030264
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f11039b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f0501f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f030303
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f08010c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0501f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f080029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0501f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f110314
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0d0000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f0501ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f030094
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/graph = 0x7f0800b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f0501ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f0302ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f030343
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f0501ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f06019c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f0501e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f0300fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f0501e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11018f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f06014d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f0501e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f03034a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f0501e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f060037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f050188
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f050165
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0501e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0501df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0500f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f030167
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f060053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0501dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f05018b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f0600fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0501db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f03020c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f100050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0501d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f080053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0501d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f110065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0501d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f0301df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/helperText = 0x7f0301b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1102af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0501d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f030246
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0500b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0501d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f03028f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0501d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f060135
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0501ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f03007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0501c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f11038b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0501c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f110230
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0501be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0501bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_design_checkbox = 0x7f0b0069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f060132
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0501bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f060015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f11030f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0501b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f11041c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f100071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0501b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f07004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0501b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f0302b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0501b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f0601ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f060049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0501ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f050124
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0501a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dragLeft = 0x7f08008f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f11007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f050199
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f0301db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f050054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f030185
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0501a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f080094
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f0501a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f0501a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f0500fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f03000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f0300d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f05019c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f07007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f05019b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f03009f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f0302bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f05019a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f050197
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f060157
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0501aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1102d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f030017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f050195
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f050110
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f050193
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1100de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f050192
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f050191
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_450 = 0x7f090016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f050162
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f06021f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f03013c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f03018a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f05018d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_end = 0x7f130001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f050187
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f060029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f050183
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f050181
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f03004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f05017d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f0600dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f05005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f05017c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f030368
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f06018e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/onShow = 0x7f0302c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f05007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f0501a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f0302a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f05017a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f080118
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0501b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f050178
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f08010f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/singleLine = 0x7f03031c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f050175
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050171
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f05018a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f030079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f05016e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f0500d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f05016d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1100c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/title = 0x7f080199
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/test_radiobutton_android_button_tint = 0x7f080186
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f05016c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f060249
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0501c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f08003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f05016a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f060154
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f12006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chip3 = 0x7f080066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f0301a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f030389
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f030182
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1103e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Cut = 0x7f110163
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0300a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f03015d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f0303e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0501c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f050168
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f110351
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f030375
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/gone = 0x7f0800b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f11030b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f050167
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f050166
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f0601ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f11015f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0b0050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f050160
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110172
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f050050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f03023e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f050018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f030355
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0500bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f05015a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1101ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/barLength = 0x7f03004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f050158
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/duration = 0x7f030148
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f050047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f1101a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f03017f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_250 = 0x7f090012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f050155
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f03021d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f050153
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f050150
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f05014e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f03019e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060098
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f050148
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f050147
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/multiply = 0x7f080112
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0b0041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large.Top = 0x7f11014a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f03021c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f05024c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f050146
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f070009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f03029a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f12004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0b003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050143
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/packed = 0x7f080125
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0300b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f050141
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f050140
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1100d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f05013c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f05013a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f050139
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f08018c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0700a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f070057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f03024e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f050138
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f050163
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f050137
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f03015e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f110034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f03001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0500ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f050131
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f11036c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f060214
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f0302d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f05012f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f11001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0b0031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f06011c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0b005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f05012e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f050126
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f050001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f030045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f05011f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f05011c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/clear_text = 0x7f08006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f050118
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/screen = 0x7f080143
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:xml/standalone_badge = 0x7f130000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f050117
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f0500de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f050217
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/rounded = 0x7f08013d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f05022b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f050115
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f100066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f090003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f030249
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f030096
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f03034e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f03005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f050113
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f050152
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f050045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f060191
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f05010e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f07009a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f06024b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/font = 0x7f03019f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f06019b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0501af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f050109
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ALT = 0x7f080000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f03036b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f050108
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f050106
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f060017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0301a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f050104
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f07008d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1100b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0501e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f05010a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f050101
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f100047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f120034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Test.Theme.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110176
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/touch_outside = 0x7f08019f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f030379
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f0500ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f0500fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f03022c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f0500fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f03009e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f0500f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f03024a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/hideable = 0x7f0800bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0500f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f030198
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0500f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f03008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1103a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f110389
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f03035c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f11003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f050024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f0303e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f05008a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f0500e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f11012a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0801a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f030260
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f110374
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f0500e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0601cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0601c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f0500e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f030101
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f0303eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f060086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f0500e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f0302eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f10006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f08014c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f030251
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0600e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f0500da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f0500d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0601e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f060023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f030119
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f0500d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f10005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f0500d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f050064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f0500d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1101af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f100045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f0302e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f0500d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0500d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f10006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0300b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0500cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0500cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f060107
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f1101ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f0301c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0500cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0500c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f030280
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f0600a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0500be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0b0037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f030344
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/left = 0x7f0800d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0500bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0500b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f080108
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0500b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0501dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f1101c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0500ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0600ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f030371
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050208
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0500af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f120076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f070081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0500ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f030227
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f03020f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f110224
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f030032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0500ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f0300ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f0300e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f06021d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0500c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f030244
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1103ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0500ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0500a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f030154
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0501cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:raw/a_thousand_years = 0x7f0f0000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0500a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0500a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f05009f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f110035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f030007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f05009a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f0300fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f050098
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0501fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f1103f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f030030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f050096
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f050095
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1102a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f030391
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f050145
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/password_toggle = 0x7f08012b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f050093
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_action_chip = 0x7f0b0067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f030286
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0500b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f0301a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f050092
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f05008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1100ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f050107
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f10004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f050224
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f050088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f050073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f0300f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f050086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f10001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f05004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f030330
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f03006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f050084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0600bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f050081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0500c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f030331
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f05007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f05007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f05007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f03035e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f030067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f030092
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f050079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f03009a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f0601fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f050078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/direct = 0x7f080088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0801b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f030078
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f050072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0b0046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f03032b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large.End = 0x7f110149
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f0500dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1103ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f05006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f0301c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f05006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f030049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f03008e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f050068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0800bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f030019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0500c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f0301d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1101e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f03000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f050067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f050061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f030276
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f03023c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f110382
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f050060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f05005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0501ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f05005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0501e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f05005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f05018c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/circle_center = 0x7f080069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f05005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f0301ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f050129
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f030085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f11040a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f0301cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f05012b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f050173
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f100057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f050218
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f030134
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f03001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f110048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0501b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_selection_control_button_tint = 0x7f050120
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f05004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f09000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11027c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f100039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f050065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f080178
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f05003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f05003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f0600a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_200 = 0x7f090011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f0302de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f0303d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f050039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f0303c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f050033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f050032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f030302
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f0302df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f05002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f060040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0303a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f030223
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f0302e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f050128
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f0600c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/View = 0x7f120089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/checkbox_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f05002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f0301ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f030232
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f03023d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f030247
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f05002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f03003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0501da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f05002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110405
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/src_atop = 0x7f080168
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f050121
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/background_material_light = 0x7f050020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f0302a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f030070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f11030d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f05001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f050154
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f050177
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f030175
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f050019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f110036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f050015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110392
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f060038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f080024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f060104
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f050014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f050012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f050010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f05000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f05000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f050070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f03037c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f05000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f030329
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f05013f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f05000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f11010c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f0600a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f050009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f030364
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_text_size_dp = 0x7f06015c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f11034e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f050005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f060123
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f03021f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f05006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f050003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f050002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f0303c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f050000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f0303fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f080174
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f0303f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f0303f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f050174
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f060124
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f080115
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1102cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f0301da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11025d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f0303f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0b002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f0303a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_color = 0x7f050198
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f0303f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1103d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f110336
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f030099
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/auto = 0x7f08004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f030184
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f0303ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0501cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f05006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f120010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f110396
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f030025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1101f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f030179
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/waveShape = 0x7f0303ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f0303e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f0303e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f030120
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f06017f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f080105
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f060112
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f030215
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0300bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showDividers = 0x7f030313
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f0303db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0600bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f0303d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0303d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f03016c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f050119
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f0303d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f0303d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f05002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f030233
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f060187
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f10004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f030214
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackColor = 0x7f0303d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/SYM = 0x7f08000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f060117
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f0303d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060150
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f12005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f0303cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f11036b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f0800f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f03008f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f0303c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0b0000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0600b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f0303c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f0303f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1101a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f110199
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/attributeName = 0x7f030034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f030254
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0303c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0500aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f0300cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f0303c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f11002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f0302d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1102ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f0303c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f0301c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f110375
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/values = 0x7f0303e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f070045
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f03022a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f050052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f0303be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f0303bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f060222
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f080113
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f0303bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f0303ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/divider = 0x7f03012e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f030299
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f030353
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f0303b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f03018c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f0303b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f060210
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickMark = 0x7f0303af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f0303ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f0301d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/scrollView = 0x7f080147
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f03014b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f03036f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickColor = 0x7f0303ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f03016e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0500a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f120046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f0303de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f0303ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f030136
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f0303aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f06011e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f05014d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f050216
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tintMode = 0x7f0303b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f08001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textLocale = 0x7f03039f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f050094
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f050214
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f03039e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f1103d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f060046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f03039c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f030178
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f08006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f030335
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f03008d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f05000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f030399
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f030398
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f030395
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0300ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f05016b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f030393
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f080117
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0500c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f050200
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f1101b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f05011d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f030012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f110029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f06022b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f03012f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f03038d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f03038b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f030385
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f030256
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f030382
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0500b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0700a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f100037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f030381
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f08004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f030380
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1102d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/test_color = 0x7f050254
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f03031a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f03037f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f03037b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0300ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f030378
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f030373
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f060215
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f07000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f03036e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f0303b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f10003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f030369
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f080101
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f110346
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f030242
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f06008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f05006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1102ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f07008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f05017b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f120085
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f030365
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f05015b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0b005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/home = 0x7f0800be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f0500e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0500c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f030362
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f030360
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabMode = 0x7f03035d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f03035b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1101a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f100054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/add = 0x7f080043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textStart = 0x7f08018d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110256
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f030359
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f0500e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0300be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f030357
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f0501fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0601e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f0500d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f030356
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110288
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f03039d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f030377
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f120083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f030270
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f030354
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f050031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f070088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f06018f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f03034f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f03034d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f0300d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f03030c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f03034c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110227
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f03034b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f110188
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f0303fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f050176
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/suffixText = 0x7f030346
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BarSize = 0x7f11024b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/contiguous = 0x7f080074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f060084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f030345
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0b0018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f03033f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f03033e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f03033d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0500a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f03033c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f100058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f03033a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0501bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f08015d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f030336
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f030334
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/endToStart = 0x7f08009e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f03032d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f050144
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f03021b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f030325
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f030127
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0500f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/spanCount = 0x7f030323
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0b0029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f0601cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f030322
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1102c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f030321
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f07000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f0303bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f03031f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f03027c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f03031b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f100068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_item_min_width = 0x7f06023a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f0301a5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f030319
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06013b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f060172
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f110320
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f030318
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f120055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/defaultState = 0x7f030126
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/title = 0x7f0303b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f06012f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f05021d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f050090
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f030352
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showTitle = 0x7f030317
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f1101c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f11013a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f030153
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f08002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f110274
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f030269
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0501f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f050149
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f11036e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f030072
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showText = 0x7f030316
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f0303ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showPaths = 0x7f030315
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f100056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f03030d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f110417
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0601cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f0303df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f070016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f060095
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f05009c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f050196
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f06010f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f03030a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/stop = 0x7f080172
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f060167
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f030309
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1103fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f03010e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f030308
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f110223
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f050066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f030370
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f030307
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110061
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f030304
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f0500e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f05004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f03005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f030300
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f03029d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f030338
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0302ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/saturation = 0x7f0302fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f050102
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0302fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0600d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f050134
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1102ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f0300fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f0600c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f060074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/black = 0x7f050021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f03035f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge.Top = 0x7f110144
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f030333
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f0302f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f06019e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f03011e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f030024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f03009d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f0302f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_badge_radius = 0x7f0600af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f0302f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1102f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f110236
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0600ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f0301bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f0302f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/none = 0x7f08011c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f060209
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f0302f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f12007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/purple_500 = 0x7f050243
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f0302f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1100e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/cancel_button = 0x7f080059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f03014a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f0302f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f05013b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f0302ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f0302e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f11000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f0302e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f050125
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0700a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0600aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0600f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/percentY = 0x7f0302db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/percentX = 0x7f0302da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/list_item = 0x7f0800db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f110211
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f0303b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f0302d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f050059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f0302d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f03026f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f110147
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f0302d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f110101
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f050013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f110039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0b005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f07000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f0302d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f0302cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f0302cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f050069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110098
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f0302c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f0302c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f100004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f06011b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0500c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f07002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060216
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f06005c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/number = 0x7f0302bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f030040
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f05011e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f0303c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f0302b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f06016b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f0302b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f07002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0302b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0300a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f05022e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f11003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f030060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0501d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f110225
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f050142
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0500b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorError = 0x7f0300ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/alpha = 0x7f03002a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f0302f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f0302ab
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f120050
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f03030b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f0302a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f08018f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f0302a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0500a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Test.NoTextSize = 0x7f1101f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0b004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f03030f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f0302c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f030201
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f05008c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0a0009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f10005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f060236
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0500bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f030234
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f050006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f05013d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f03029f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f03029b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f0302a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f0601f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f03029e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f060070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f03021a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f0501ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f030059
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f120077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/test_custom_background = 0x7f0700b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f0300ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f030297
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f08017a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05023f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f030295
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f100048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0800c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/minHeight = 0x7f030292
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f030291
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1100f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f05003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f08007b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f03015b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11023e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f03013d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f060016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/menu = 0x7f030290
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1103de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060099
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f05010f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/unchecked = 0x7f0801a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f030342
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f060165
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_start = 0x7f130002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f06010d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f03028e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f050182
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/parent = 0x7f080127
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f0302d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f030170
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_label = 0x7f0800e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f0600e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f050087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f0302ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f03028d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0501cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f040001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxLines = 0x7f03028c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:xml/standalone_badge_offset = 0x7f130004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0501c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f030196
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f060152
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f03028a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/item1 = 0x7f0800cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0500ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f1102f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f090031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0300c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f030285
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0300a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1102c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f030245
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f030279
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f110137
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f06006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0300ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f030284
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f030283
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar = 0x7f080030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f03011f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0500ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f0301ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f03027b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f060247
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0300c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f03027a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f060093
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f030277
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f030275
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0301dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/on = 0x7f080122
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0b000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f05018f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f03000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f0301e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f030088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f03007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f030272
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0501a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f03012d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f030271
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110242
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f0301d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f050074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f0303da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f03026e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f050127
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f0303f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0600ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f030128
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0700a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f03026a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f030195
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f030268
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f08017c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f03012a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f030108
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f0500fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f03037d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f08000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f07007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f0302e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f030255
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f060069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f030310
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/stretch = 0x7f080173
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f03023a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height = 0x7f06015e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/button_material_light = 0x7f050029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f110022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/rotation = 0x7f010020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fitXY = 0x7f0800ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f060032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f030252
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f030311
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f06004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f0300ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f03024c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f11007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/fade = 0x7f0800a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0500f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f030392
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1103a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f03037e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f0800e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f120054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050233
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f0302af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1100ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/test_checkbox_android_button_tint = 0x7f080184
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f110366
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f030243
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f030241
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionPath = 0x7f0302aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f080016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1100a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f0300cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f03010a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chip_group = 0x7f080067
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/content = 0x7f0300f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f030238
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f05023e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f050169
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f03005a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f03026d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0700af
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/listMode = 0x7f0800da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f030122
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f05004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110394
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f030168
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/main_activity = 0x7f0b0030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f05023d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.LargeTouch = 0x7f110259
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/selection_type = 0x7f080155
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f03019d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f050210
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f0302d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f03022e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f100022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f060048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0501c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f06010a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f030058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f060233
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0601d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f070020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f03010d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f030226
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1100aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f030220
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f0301dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1100f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f030224
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f030265
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f06021e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f03021e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f030287
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f0301e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f110113
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0601ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f030055
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f030063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f0601fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f03013f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110266
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f030218
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f06012c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f050130
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f0301f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f120038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f030263
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0501c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f110154
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f03020a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0600da
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f030207
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f030205
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f0303d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/right_icon = 0x7f08013b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f070092
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f03019a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f030073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f050180
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f0301ff
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0300a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0700a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f030189
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f0301e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/lStar = 0x7f0301fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f0302e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f03038f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f030006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f110281
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f0302ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f03031d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0b0001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f03024b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/keylines = 0x7f0301fb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f0301fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f0601a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f0501f0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_500 = 0x7f090018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1102ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f05024f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f0301f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f080196
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f0301f1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f0301ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f11023d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f050185
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f0301ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110404
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f0601b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f10001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f0301e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f0301e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f030278
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f0301e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f110121
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0600bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f08019a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f0500e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/elastic = 0x7f08009c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listLayout = 0x7f03024f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1103f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0b0051
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/minWidth = 0x7f030296
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f030074
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1103a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f030384
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0501b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f0303ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0b0012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f0301f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f0301aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f0301c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f03033b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f11011c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f030084
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f0301f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f030363
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f03012c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f05008f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f0301d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f110255
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f0301d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f030151
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f03004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0501c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f120057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f110196
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f02000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f0301d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f05007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f030109
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f0301d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f0301d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/CardView = 0x7f11010d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/sin = 0x7f08015a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f0301cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/path_percent = 0x7f0302d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f030257
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f03001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1103f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f06000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f030332
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f0601bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1100e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f030305
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f030320
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f06018d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f07000e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f030098
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabSize = 0x7f03017b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f030048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f0301c8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f05012d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/scroll = 0x7f080144
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0500c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/currentState = 0x7f030115
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f0600ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1100cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0b004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f050071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/never = 0x7f08011a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f03003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f06019f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f0302f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0b0063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/animate_relativeTo = 0x7f03002d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f0300f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1102b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0800b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f090034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f03024d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/logo = 0x7f030259
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f0501f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f06002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f0301ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f03025e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0301b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f0301e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f05006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0300b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f0301b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f03032e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/height = 0x7f0301b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f030163
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f0301b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/haloColor = 0x7f0301b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f03004e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f03013e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f080031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f030152
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f030326
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f110290
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f030282
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0b002f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f030065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1103d2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f0303b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110125
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f030240
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f0301a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f03016b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f0301a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f0303a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0601e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f0301a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0301a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f03022f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/all = 0x7f080046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f0300de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f03036c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f11039a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f030005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0301a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f03032f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f12006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1100f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f07004d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f030211
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f03039b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f0303ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f080033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f05001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_slider_halo_color = 0x7f050123
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f0302ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f050231
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconTint = 0x7f0301cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110088
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f060036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f03019c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f03019b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f030222
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f10004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f0301b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f08003b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f0302b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f100025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0b0009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f05019f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f030197
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f050136
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f0800e4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f030192
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f030191
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/subtitle = 0x7f030341
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f080035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0501ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f030190
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f0300eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transition_position = 0x7f0801a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f030172
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f03018e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f080183
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f0600f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f110282
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f100020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f030339
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0301eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/coordinator = 0x7f080075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f03017a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050159
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0300c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f0500e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f080014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f030026
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f03010b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f050133
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f1101e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f0302a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f0301c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0b0052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f11026c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f07008e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0300cc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f030281
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f11014d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f030027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f030186
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/animationMode = 0x7f03002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/curveFit = 0x7f030116
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f030351
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f05019d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f030183
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f030066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/labeled = 0x7f0800d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f110030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f03028b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f030180
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0b0023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f0600dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f050225
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f03017c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f050164
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110181
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f030273
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f0302a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f030217
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_design_radiobutton = 0x7f0b006a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0500cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f03006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f030177
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f030176
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f0301f8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070052
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f030013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f06000f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f050016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11018c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f030171
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f030093
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f030123
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f050028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/staggered = 0x7f03032a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f0302b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f030230
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f030169
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TestThemeWithLineHeightDisabled = 0x7f11017f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f0601aa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f0600cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0501ac
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f070027
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f0601a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f100021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0300b2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/goIcon = 0x7f0301b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f110105
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0501ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0b0019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expanded = 0x7f030164
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0501cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f080191
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f05013e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f0601ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f0301b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f030044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f030133
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f070096
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f060166
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f050075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f030162
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f06007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f110302
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day_selected = 0x7f050256
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f03030e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110073
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f03025c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f050105
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f03015a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f03015f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f03015c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060138
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f06014c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f030157
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f05010c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f0303d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f030156
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f030062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:menu/example_menu2 = 0x7f0c0001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0501b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/dimensions = 0x7f080087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f05005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f05021e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f0302ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f030150
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f03014f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/elevation = 0x7f03014d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f030293
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f030009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f05023b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f07003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f050156
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0500a7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f060155
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f0500df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/onCross = 0x7f0302be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f0301cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f0303a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f030376
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f030083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f030146
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0b0015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f110372
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f0601e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f03011b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f02001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0300c5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f030145
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f030141
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f030390
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f060108
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f03005b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f030213
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f100013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f110112
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0500b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f030337
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f080110
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f030075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0600f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1101d0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f0301fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f090024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0500ec
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f0300e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f030328
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/round = 0x7f0302fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f0301f7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_item_max_width = 0x7f06023f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0300c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f060000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f050161
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f030132
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f120058
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f120029
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f07002e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f080008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f11032f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0300a1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f070034
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f1103b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f030001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f03027e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f030014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0300c9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f080021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f03011d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f070013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/crossfade = 0x7f030114
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0300b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f100053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contrast = 0x7f030100
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f120015
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/triggerId = 0x7f0303dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07000c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f0300dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f07009e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f0300ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f040002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f050077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f080001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dragScale = 0x7f030137
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f020009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f100005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f030118
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f030117
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f030113
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1102fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f080100
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f0500db
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11005e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f0301d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f06016a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f05009b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0300b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060013
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f030107
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0b001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0b0007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f030288
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f0300dd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f0500fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f05024a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f030104
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f0600a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/app_name = 0x7f10001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f030231
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f0300e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0501a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f030022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f060146
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0600b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f0500e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f120022
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f0300d7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f030076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f03020b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f0300f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f11033b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f0300f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f03037a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f07000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f03003a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f080162
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f030082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f03000b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f0301de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0501e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050236
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0303d6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f0300f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0600ba
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f060156
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f0302f5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f030095
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f050247
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f0300e5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f050011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f0300e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11008e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f030010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f03022b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/async = 0x7f08004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f0300d3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_toolbar_elevation = 0x7f0b0070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1103e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f030112
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f110131
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f060181
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f0300e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f03001d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0b0044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0a0007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/uniform = 0x7f0801a9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f110143
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f03017e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f110271
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f050179
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f050049
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f0300d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f050038
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0501f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f03038a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f03008b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f0300d4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f060160
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f110114
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f070089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f030106
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0300ce
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f030301
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f060035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f0300cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f05015e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f10004f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f110028
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f03018d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f05020c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/color = 0x7f0300c2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f050046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/group_divider = 0x7f0800b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f100016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f070041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f120079
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f030181
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f120065
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0300bd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f05014f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1102a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0300b9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f050157
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0300b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f110408
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0501d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f100063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f05021a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f0301e8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/purple_700 = 0x7f050244
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f050048
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f0500d5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f0600fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0300ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0b0043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/floating = 0x7f0800b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f060100
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0300a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0300a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f100033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f060202
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f060005
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f0300ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f030144
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0501de
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f03009c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f06013f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f030056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f03009b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f12005f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f050116
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f040000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f0302ae
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_chip_zero_corner_radius = 0x7f0b0068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f030239
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/zero_corner_chip = 0x7f0801b7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_dimen = 0x7f060237
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f030266
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f12007e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1102c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f030097
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120030
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f0301be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f030091
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f06000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f03027d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f060109
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f060001
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f030087
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f030086
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f03007a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f03001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0600ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f0301b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f030081
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f0303f4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f03007f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f0302cb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f03018b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f11028a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f03007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/wrap = 0x7f0801b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f03025d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/progress_circular = 0x7f080133
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f050172
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0300bc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f060177
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f030071
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f03006b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f08003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f03004b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f030077
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f030203
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f12004c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f0300d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f060118
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/targetId = 0x7f03036a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110091
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f03007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f030289
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f11036d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f030047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f110365
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f030089
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f030143
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f0302c4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f050083
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f100064
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f05008e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f06016d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f110279
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f030159
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/topPanel = 0x7f08019e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f03000a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/test_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f06023e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1101e1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/brightness = 0x7f03006e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f030212
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f06008f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/track = 0x7f0303cf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f030057
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0500a4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f050170
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f05012a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f030165
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f05015f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f050082
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/chains = 0x7f080060
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/search_bar = 0x7f08014a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f030046
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0b0016
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f050234
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f030008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tint = 0x7f0303b3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f0302b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f030374
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f0300f6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f080025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f030041
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f100007
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f03003e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f0300e2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f03023b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f10001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f030042
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f090032
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_top = 0x7f06020f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/alertTitle = 0x7f080044
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f0600f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f030193
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f10005d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f0500ea
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070024
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f030068
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/beginning = 0x7f080054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0300c6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f030053
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f050099
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/arcMode = 0x7f030031
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f05010b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f0300e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f030036
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f030250
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1103cd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/test_checkbox_app_button_tint = 0x7f080185
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f03032c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f030035
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f030011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0601be
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f030033
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f030348
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f0303c3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f0303e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f030121
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f0301ee
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f05021c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f0302b4
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0801a2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f030003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/selected = 0x7f080154
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f03010c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0b0056
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/linear = 0x7f0800d9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/warmth = 0x7f0303e9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0501c0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f03016f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f0301c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f0501eb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f0303bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:layout/test_reflow_chipgroup = 0x7f0b006d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f0302ef
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f030396
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f030069
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f080111
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f0301e0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f0601a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f06017e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/outline = 0x7f080123
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f0302dc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f030039
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f030037
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f0303f9
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f060009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f09001e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110186
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/cat_15 = 0x7f070066
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f03001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f05017f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f080107
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f0300e7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f06015b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f050025
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f120047
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f03038e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f08007d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f110119
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f030187
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1100df
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f030018
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1103a3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f05009d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f0300fe
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0500f3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f060206
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f110150
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f03010f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f06024a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/background = 0x7f03003c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f030166
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f110390
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f05014a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/altSrc = 0x7f03002c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f030155
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f0300fc
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070021
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f110214
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0501c7
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/motion_base = 0x7f0800fa
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/ratio = 0x7f080136
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f030361
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f070043
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f0301fd
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f030000
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/toggle = 0x7f08019c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f11037e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f11032b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f05014c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0500b1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f0301bf
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f060120
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f02001f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f12007c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f03002b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f050063
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0300bb
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f030149
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f05003d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f0800e3
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f06006c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f03016d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f05019e
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f03004a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f0800ed
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0300b0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f030142
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110209
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_700 = 0x7f09001b
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f110004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020014
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f0302b6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f050062
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0501d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f0303b8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f030327
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f120075
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f030394
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f05022d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f030023
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f03006f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f06011f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f050189
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f110412
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f060054
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f110123
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f030130
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f030366
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f030020
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/customDimension = 0x7f03011a
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f0600a8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f030002
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020010
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f03022d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0500f2
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/confirm_button = 0x7f080070
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f030158
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f05015c
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0700a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f050151
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f030140
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f05000d
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0501b5
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f030004
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f1101ca
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f050207
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0300a0
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f110371
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/spinBars = 0x7f030324
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f0800e6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f0601d8
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f120012
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f050076
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0500a6
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110387
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0800d1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/framePosition = 0x7f0301ad
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f05003f
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0500c1
phongvh.approtrain.animationsample:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0300b7
